site/src/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About Me
subtitle: ""
metaDescription: This page is all about me
date: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
permalink: /about/index.html
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 1
---
#### Why Create This?

I wanted to develop a portfolio that was simple, fast, accessible, and can be modified without opening up a code editor.

First, I needed a static site generator. This led me to [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/). This project is great because it is is simple, powerful, written in javascript, and framework free.

Next, I wanted auto deployments and a git-powered CMS. [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and their suite of tools seemed perfect.

I found a few good starter projects using these technologies, but was overall unhappy with the current options. That led me to develop Fernfolio. The goal was not to create a technical masterpiece, but to create a beautiful portfolio with minimal overhead/complexity. Something that just works.

This project is open source so that hopefully someone else can use this as a template (or reference) in building their own site. Technical details can be found on the [Github repo](https://github.com/TylerMRoderick/fernfolio-11ty-template) and some customization instructions can be found [here](/posts/theme-customizations/).

![Fern in Hand](/assets/img/fern-in-hand.jpeg "Fern in Hand")

Commit message:

changed about page, home.json
removed body of home.json, changed the meta-data tag for about.md

site/src/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About Me
subtitle: ""
metaDescription: Learn more about Orion Grieco
date: 2017-01-01T00:00:00.000Z
permalink: /about/index.html
eleventyNavigation:
  key: About
  order: 1
---
#### Who are you?

I wanted to develop a portfolio that was simple, fast, accessible, and can be modified without opening up a code editor.

First, I needed a static site generator. This led me to [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/). This project is great because it is is simple, powerful, written in javascript, and framework free.

Next, I wanted auto deployments and a git-powered CMS. [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and their suite of tools seemed perfect.

I found a few good starter projects using these technologies, but was overall unhappy with the current options. That led me to develop Fernfolio. The goal was not to create a technical masterpiece, but to create a beautiful portfolio with minimal overhead/complexity. Something that just works.

This project is open source so that hopefully someone else can use this as a template (or reference) in building their own site. Technical details can be found on the [Github repo](https://github.com/TylerMRoderick/fernfolio-11ty-template) and some customization instructions can be found [here](/posts/theme-customizations/).

![Fern in Hand](/assets/img/fern-in-hand.jpeg "Fern in Hand")
